Update polyglot spec for ATS docs (#17167)
microsoft/aspire: docs/specs/polyglot-apphost.md

1. Load assemblies from AppHost server build
2. Scan for `[AspireExport]`, `[AspireDto]`, and `[AspireValue]` metadata using `AtsCapabilityScanner`
3. Expand interface targets to concrete implementations
4. Capture XML documentation for generated public SDK surfaces
5. Generate language-specific SDK, including predefined value catalogs and documentation comments

### Documentation Model

ATS treats C# XML documentation as part of the code-generation model, not as export-shaping metadata. The scanner captures documentation into `AtsDocumentationInfo` so every language generator can choose how to render it.

Documentation is captured for:

- Exported handle and resource types
- Capabilities, including summaries, remarks, returns, and parameters
- Callback parameters
- DTO types and DTO properties
- Enum types and enum values
- Exported value catalogs and exported values

> `[AspireExport(Description = "...")]` remains compatibility metadata and is only used as a fallback summary when XML documentation is unavailable. New API documentation should prefer XML docs so C# and generated guest SDK documentation stay tied together.

Author: Good catch - narrowed the wording to make clear the `Description` fallback applies whenever the summary text is missing, not only when the whole XML member is absent. This now matches `AtsCapabilityScanner.CreateDocumentation`.

- `ExpandedTargetTypeIds` - Concrete types for interface targets
- `ReturnType` - Return type reference with category
- `Parameters` - List of parameter info
- `Description` - Compatibility/fallback summary metadata
- `Documentation` - Structured XML documentation for generated SDKs

**AtsEnumTypeInfo** contains:
- `TypeId` - Enum type ID
- `Name` - Simple enum name (e.g., `ContainerLifetime`)
- `Values` - List of enum member names
- `ValueInfos` - Enum member names with documentation
- `Documentation` - Structured XML documentation for the enum type

**AtsExportedValueInfo** contains:
- `PathSegments` - Guest SDK catalog path segments (for example, `["FoundryModels", "OpenAI", "Gpt41Mini"]`)
- `Type` - ATS type metadata for the snapped value
- `Value` - Snapped JSON payload emitted into guest SDKs
- `Description` - Optional compatibility/fallback summary metadata
- `Documentation` - Structured XML documentation for the exported value

**AtsDocumentationInfo** contains:
- `Summary` - Summary text
- `Remarks` - Longer remarks text
- `Returns` - Return value documentation

> - `Parameters` - Parameter documentation keyed by C# parameter name

Reviewer: `Parameters` is serialized as a list of entries (`AtsParameterDocumentationInfo` / `ParameterDocumentationResponse`), not a keyed dictionary. Can we avoid implying map semantics here?

```suggestion
- `Parameters` - List of parameter documentation entries, each with the C# parameter name and description
```
